Overload boolean operators to work with filters (#1986)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [7.63.8] - 2024-10-21
### Added

> - The filters `And`, `Or` and `Not` can now be applied by using the operators `&`, `|` and `~` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Filters can now be combined using `And` and `Or` by using the operators `&` and `|`.
- Filters can now be negated by using the `~` operator (instead of using the `Not` filter)
```
